Xicons.comWho made these icons?This particular set of icons was submitted by David Remahl <dare@hem.passagen.se> of Sweden for the icon contest ending on September 30th, 2000.  Congratulations to David on an excellent set of icons and becoming the second entrant into our contest for an Apple Pro Optical Mouse!  We look forward to receiving future icon sets for MacOS X from David Remahl.How often does Xicons.com post new icon sets?Xicons.com is updated several times a week with fresh new icon sets both by Xicons.com staff and mainly by contributing visitors.  Submissions to our monthly icon contest are increasing rapidly and soon we will be posting new sets daily so keep checking back for the latest creations from all over the world!How can I make icons for Mac OS X?Making icons for Mac OS X (and previous versions of the Mac OS) is quite easy.  Simply download IconBuilder from <IconFactory.com>.  The Pro version of this plugin (US $69) allows one to quickly and easily make 16x16 pixel, 32x32 pixel, 48x48 pixel, and 128x128 pixel icons and supports transparency effects.  The Lite version (US $29) disables creation of 128x128 pixel icons for those who do not need it.Tell me more about the Monthly Contest.Xicons.com welcomes and encourages user-submitted icon sets.  We will display sets on Xicons.com along with your name and a link to your website.  Additionally, Xicons.com will be holding monthly contests for the best thumbnail icon set submitted by the public.  The winning set will be showcased on the front page of the site and be awarded a new Apple Pro optical mouse!  The first contest ends September 30th, 2000.Start designing your icons today and send them to:  submissions@xicons.comI like Xicons.com, how can I help to support it?Visitor support and encouragement is greatly appreciated.  You can send email to pixelpusher@xicons.com to keep us motivated and give us ideas.  If you would like to support the site financially so it is not forced to shut down, we would greatly appreciated you clicking on the banners and signing up with PayPal.com or Alladvantage.com.  This is what keeps us online and smoothing over the world's jagged edges.  You can also purchase a book or other item from Amazon.com through our site.  Or just spread the word about Xicons.com to your friends or link to us on your own site!  Thanks again for all your encouragement and support.  We hope you enjoy our icons!All tradmarks are the properties of their respective owner. Photography used in this set is the property of Apple Computer Inc,.